Your six also introduced a new loop to work with remember and use five you already had the for loop
you had the while loop to do while loop for loop to loop through keys and the object with iOS 6 You
also have four awful loop.
And in order to demonstrate this all create a new variable here test results which is an array.
And here I'll just have some floating point numbers and of course it will work with any relevance you
might have for.
So that's just an example.
And then I can create this for loop like a traditional for loop.
I'll have my test result.
So no plural here just convention this name is of course totally up to you off test results so the second
part here is the value or the variable for which I want to loop through those values of this entry and
the first one is to each individual element office array will be assigned to in each iteration of this
loop.
So now I can for example simply block best result here and I saw that I have a typo so I'll quickly
paradise and if I now hit run what do you think will happen.
Well now I get the values printed out.
Of course this could have been achieved before with a for loop.
But this is a shorter syntax and it's perfect for looping through areas and that is what it's there
for you to quickly grab the individual elements off an array and do something with them.
Here in this block of the for loop.
So that's the four of loop being added.
Pretty straightforward but also pretty useful.